# Serverless Workflow Community Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 9/20/21, 1pm EST  
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly project meeting  
**Meeting Location:** https://zoom.us/my/cncfserverlesswg?pwd=YjNqYzhOdjRRd01YWFkzS1lHbDZqUT09

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Yuri
- Antonio
- Ricardo
- Charles

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Agenda Item 1 | • Updates <br>• SDKs <br>• Questions<br>

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Start planning v0.8 release and its contents | all | Should be done sooner than later |
SDKs status | all | Update SDKs to v0.7 |
Work on case studies | all | Video or blog-based |


## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | Keep up discussions around using workflow states inside branches | tihomir, yuri |  |

## Other Notes & Information
